The haiku is a poem by Jyu-hichi-ji.
It is a symbol of the period.
The period is the phenomenon of the decline of the period of the natural and human period,
which occurs due to the shift of the seasons and the seasons.
This is a book called the period, and I will explain it in detail.
There are the period, the period, and the bank, as a means of making the haiku.
The period is the period in which there are many periods in the period mentioned earlier.
The period is the period when the period is one of the periods, and is sealed at 17 o'clock.
It is a period when many people gather together, not alone.
In addition, the period is not determined, but it is a method of making the haiku,
which is chosen from the actual scenery and is arranged at 17 o'clock,
without deciding the period, and is arranged at 17 o'clock.
The process of making the haiku is the order of the bank, which is the national company,
starting from the capital, EI, but the capital, the national company, and the bank are not the purpose of the haiku.
The haiku is also a poem, so it must sing our emotions.
The haiku needs something called the period, so it must sing emotions through the period.
The haiku sings emotions through the period, and the emotions are moved by the stimulation of the period.
In other words, the period and emotions are born with mutual help.
The EI, the national company, and the bank are just a means of guiding the fusion of the period and emotions.
People who are always moving and seeking the period,
and who are working on the period to stimulate emotions are not needed.
But people who do not go in that way are the most convenient way to use the EI, the national company, and the bank to be stimulated by others.
Thank you for watching.